	
4. Displaying Data and Handling Events
41. Attribute Binding
DOM- Document Object Model- Objects that represent the structure of a document. Essentially a tree of Objects in memory.

1:20
3. Angular Fundamentals
38. Generating Services Using Angular CLI
ng g s Service_name

To generate service from Angular CLI(command promopt)



4:08
3. Angular Fundamentals
37. Dependency Injection
Dependency Injection: we instruct angular to inject a dependencies of the component into the constructor.



ex:

 constructor(service: CoursesService){
        this.courses= service.getCourses();
    }
   so we instruct dependencies of the component i.e., (service: CoursesService) to the constructor.

1:55
3. Angular Fundamentals
36. Services
To define this logic we implement services. for example to get the list of courses from the http service. then we can reuse the class in multiple places.

0:55
3. Angular Fundamentals
36. Services
We create a fake HTTP endpoint implementation here because of the drawbacks if we implemented a valid HTTP endpoint. The real HTTP endpoint makes unit testing hard and hence we create a fake one.



writing the logic for calling an HTTP service in the component will tightly couple the component with the HTTP endpoint.



The second issue is we have to use this logic everywhere to get the result.



the third issue is that a component shouldn't include any logic except the presentation logic

2:05
3. Angular Fundamentals
31. Building Blocks of Angular Apps
Module is a container with a group of related components.  Every angular app has atleast one module names app module and we break that module into smaller and maintainable modules

1:38
3. Angular Fundamentals
31. Building Blocks of Angular Apps
Component encapsulates the data, HTML template and the logic, which is the area of the screen the user view.

3:31
2. TypeScript Fundamentals
26. Modules
when importing a module

import { Module name } from './point';

./ if both the files are in the same folder.

1:34
2. TypeScript Fundamentals
13. What is TypeScript?
Typescript is a superset of java Script
Tyepscript contains things like Strong typing, Object oriented Features, Compile time errors, Great tooling and many more, Typescipt has way more features than Java script and hence is widely used.

2:17
1. Introduction
7. Webpack
HMR- (Hot module replacement)whenever source code is modified, webpack automatically refreshes the browser.

1:20
1. Introduction
3. Architecture of Angular Apps
you dont store data on the client side or on the angular because, the data can get deleted if the user clears the data, so the data is stored in the backend servers.
